A walk in March and in laneways in April

Audio to text transcribing below by online service...

okay, so.
i'm walking along the beach here in san quito and i'm testing the sound .quality.
to see whether or not.
the wind makes it unworkable.
but on my left there's the water's edge.
and in the distance.
the air was so tiny.
from a distance.
shipyards with their cranes and their warehouses.
and if i look forward.
i'm coming to.
the shakespeare grove.
peer extension.
which is about to be renovated.
and on the right hand side.
we have the running track.

an ,edge ,water towers.
and in front of me i can .see.
on the ,right.
the scenic railway and on the left.
the palais theater.
and to my extreme left i'm looking down the beach of santiago.
all ,the ,way down.
to.
the ,spirits ,of ,tasmania.


so i've turned into a very windy line way.
that's because i can see the ocean at the end of .it.
a classic blue stone line way.
and i'm looking at some ,rather nice artwork.
which is made of road signs.
and a pattern.
a right angle triangles looking back i can .see.
the street.
the main street of elwood village.
turning around.
i'm walking straight up the middle of the blue stone paving on my .left.
rather handsome new.
ostensibly ,concrete blocks.
forming.
a set of apartments.
examples of which are popping up.
all around us on the right hand side is another version with perforated steel balconies.
in a lovely pattern.
that kind of looks like sea spray.



as i continue down the laneway.
i see cars pulling out.
after work i imagine on the lefthand side now is a beautiful painted corrugated iron fence in a deep.
deep.
terracotta.
reflected on the other side.
they've ,chosen.
more of ,a steel gray.
roller doors one after the other some with gabled roofs.
others.
just simple brick constructions.
a beautiful big tree on the right hand side.
on the left hand side more cars and little flats old flats new flats.


now i see my long shadow in front of me .across.
the blasting.
pavers of this long long laneway on the left hand side a beautiful old wooden gates that i don't imagine ,have been .painted.
for a long long time they're .beautiful.
patina of age creates a lovely pattern.
i think i should photograph .it.
maybe i'll use it one day.
in the distance i see the cars chris crossing on brighton road.
